Look at the picture displayed on the screen and you have already known that the topic I'm going to talk about today is Bitcoin. 
But you know what, I prefer to call it ITCoin, I'll demonstrate the details.
According to several public financial media's report, China's Monatary regulators commanded that intestine Bitcoin exchanges make zero-risk retreat plan, also , the trade should be throughly halted till the end of this month. 
Here are some pieces of news. The first was a piece of news from CCTV news. 
It was said that China has taken measures for Bitcoin surveillance. 
The next is some news about the retreat announcement of Bitcoin.
The next one witnessed the duration of Bitcoin from flourishing to declining.
And the next is a screenshot of China Daily. 
The title shows China has taken action to halt Bitcoin trading.
Until now, among the three biggest intestine bitcoin platforms, two of them had formly announced their shutdown. 
The arising of the price of Bitcoin was seriously injured by China's strict policy. 
Is Bitcoin throughly exterminated from financial stage permanently?
Apart from this event itself, if we see through the fog of the financial shock, what did we learn from the new financial concept of Bitcoin? 
Actually, Bitcoin(abbr. BTC) originated from 2009 and the originator is a Japanese expert names Satoshi Nakamoto.  
And since the very beginning of its creation, its price went through peaks and troughs during this 8 years. 
What's more, its price reached $1,200 at the peaks and even exceeded the price of gold. 
"Digital Gold", it was given the nickname. 
From that we can acknowledge that bitcoin is a kind of virtual currency. 
So first of all, we should make it clear that what the currency is and how does it work.
Here are the definitions of traditional currency and Bitcoin excerpted from wikipedia.
Literally speaking,  currencies are recognized stores of value and are traded between nations in foreign exchange markets, which determine the relative values of the different currencies. 
Currencies in this sense are defined by governments, and each type has limited boundaries of acceptance. 
Bitcoin is a worldwide cryptocurrency and digital payment system called the first decentralized digital currency, since the system works without a central repository or single administrator.
As we can see, Bitcoin is also seen as a kind of currency. 
So why the government fordid its circulation?  
I refined the characteristics as "stores of value","trade between nations","defined by governments" and "limited boundaries of acceptance", so does Bitcoin meet all the criteria above? 
Let's talk about it one by one.
Since it was invented individually, obviously it's not defined by governments. 
As for acceptance, up to now, Bitcoin circulates in huandreds of countries all over the globe. 
So it has a wide acceptancy. 
But in view of China has just pronounced the ban against its circulation. 
Its acceptancy is limited.  
So it fits the item, too.
So, in the next few minutes, we'll talk about these three main respects. 
They're listed as follow.
Actually, until now from its issue, many traditional financial giants have invested on it. 
Including Visa(an American multinational financial services corporation ), Nasdaq(the second-largest exchange in the world by market capitalization),Citibank(First National City Bank of New York),Mastercard(an American multinational financial services corporation ),Goldman Sachs(an American multinational finance company that engages in global investment banking, investment management, securities),New York Stock Exchange(the world's largest stock exchange by market capitalization), and other international biggest companies and investors. 
So we can make sure that Bitcoin can play role in stores of value. 
Bitcoin has been regarded as legal currency or virtual currency that are valuable  by many countries and unions such as America,Japan,European Union and Russia. 
Bitcoin itself is a kind of system substantially. 
Let's see how does it work. 
I'd like to make a simple analogy.
Assuming that this is Jack, my friend. And this me. 
I had $200 and Mike had $100 and one day Jack begged me to lend him $100 via bank credittransfer to establish a company named Alibaba which I think the name was so lame. 
However, a trustwothy friend as he is, I decided to help him. 
And as for traditional payment procedure, I should make an order to the bank for a transfer. 
Then the bank received my request and then checked my account to make sure that I have enough money to make the deal. 
And then the bank deducted $100 from my account and added it to Mike's account and the deal done. 
As for Bitcoin, if Mike were going to borrow me B100, I would shout out loud to make the users around to know that I lent B100, and all the users added an item that I lent B100 to Mike.
And the advantage exists in that we don't need to use the third-party platform to make our deals and the the deal keeps secretly. 
This is so called anonymity.
As the wide connection of the Internet, we are able to make cisborder and cross-border payments just stay at home and we can get international services via internet. 
On the one hand, Bitcoin makes life more convenient. 
Providing that in the Future, Bitcoin becomes the uniform currenvy all over the world, you will have no trouble exchanging check. 
You can spend your money anywhere you want. 
That's extraodinary, right?
However, the criminal comes behind the anonymity of Bitcoin. 
For example, we still remember the widespread blackmail virus this year, right? 
The hackers ordered Bitcoin for payment out of the anonymity. 
Their accounts cannot be traced and therefore no one knows  who spreaded this virus. 
This may also contribute to corruption. 
Those corrupted officials have a more convenient way to accept bribes and escape abroad.
And then you may want to know how to get Bitcoins. 
Actually, there're two ways to get Bitcoins. 
You can buy it by using traditional currency according exchange rate. 
As for that, Bitcoin is like stock and this causes its unstability. 
On the other hand, you can get Bitcoin by running special software on you computer. And this is named mining. 
Then you will doubt that this may cause unearned income. 
However, this may not seem so easy. 
According to its genetation algorithm, it's getting harder and harder to acquire Bitcoins because the generation principle makes regulates the velocity gets slower and slower. 
And the mining machine costs a lot of money and it is not worth the candle. 
The upper limit of the number of Bitcoin is 21 billion, and up to this March, 14 million has been dug out.
Now that Bitcoin circulates via the Internet, it can also be stolen by hackers in cyberspace.
Actually, ont 3rd Aug last year, the Bitcoin Exchange in Hong Kong was attacked and about 120 thousand Bitcoins equivalent to $7,200 were stolen. 
And this is just a tip of iceberg.
Out of security, China's government decreed the ban of Bitcoin trading.
Wow, sounds advisable.
However, does it really mean that we should keep far far away from the new concept that may change the way the current world works, I don't think so.
40 years ago people didn't anticipate that a company named Software would dominate their computers with its system. 
30 years ago, people didn't forsee that a company named Google that would subverse the cellphone market,  20 years ago people couldn't imagine that they may purchase everything with their phones. 
10 years ago people wouldn't know that sharing-bicycles would make our city a jam. 
And now, we can't ascertain that virtual currency is really vermin that we should absolutely boycott. 
Maybe the future itself is exactlly like this.
However, who knows? 
Only wait for time to give us the answer. 
Just as a wise man once said, time will tell, do you agree with it?
Actually, we'll also have the potential to change the world right?
That's all. 
Thanks for listening. 
Thank you!